tinkerlands/readme.md, before:

# Tinkerlands Mods

## Working

| Mod                                   | Description                                            |
| ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| [/faster_shovel](./faster_shovel)     | Increases shovel speed (100), matching the other tools |
| [/powerful_drills](./powerful_drills) | Increases drill damage (10) and tier (50)              |

## WIP

| Mod                                                               | Description                                                     |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [/bigger_accessory_light_radius](./bigger_accessory_light_radius) | Would increase accessory light radius                           |
| [/gps](./gps)                                                     | New accessory that would display the current player coordinates |
| [/placeable_waypoints](./placeable_waypoints)                     | Would add a way to manually place waypoints                     |

Commit message:

Added extended_slime_suit mod

tinkerlands/readme.md, after:

# Tinkerlands Mods

## Working

| Mod                                           | Description                                            |
| --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| [/extended_slime_suit](./extended_slime_suit) | Adds the eye of truth buff to the slime suit accessory |
| [/faster_shovel](./faster_shovel)             | Increases shovel speed (100), matching the other tools |
| [/powerful_drills](./powerful_drills)         | Increases drill damage (10) and tier (50)              |

## WIP

| Mod                                                               | Description                                                     |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [/bigger_accessory_light_radius](./bigger_accessory_light_radius) | Would increase accessory light radius                           |
| [/gps](./gps)                                                     | New accessory that would display the current player coordinates |
| [/placeable_waypoints](./placeable_waypoints)                     | Would add a way to manually place waypoints                     |
